Add missions where you transport a Hai film crew to Darkrest (#9606)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/hai/hai missions.txt

			scene `thumbnail/hai pond strider`
			`Upon landing on <planet>, you receive a message from Osen. "Hello Captain <last>! I hope this message finds you well. I would like to once again thank you for your help on the Pond Strider, and would like to inform you that we have finished implementing the hull repair technology that you have provided us into the Pond Strider design and have now begun producing the ship on a mass scale. You'll also be interested to find that we have developed new weaponry for the Pond Strider's drone, the Flea. I won't spoil the surprise for you though. Check the shipyard on Hai-home the next time you stop by to take a look at it."`
				decline

mission "Hai Film Crew 1"
	minor

> 	name "Hai Film Crew"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	name "Hai film crew to <planet>"
```

> 	description "Bring a movie crew from <origin> to <destination>, so that they can film a horror movie there. Payment is <payment>."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description "Bring a film crew from <origin> to <destination>, so that they can film a horror film there. Payment is <payment>."
```

> 	description "Bring a film crew from <origin> to <destination>, so that they can film a horror film there. Payment is <payment>."

Reviewer 2: Two "film"s in one sentence. Maybe: 
```suggestion
	description "Bring a film crew from <origin> to <destination>, so that they can shoot a horror film there. Payment is <payment>."
```

	on visit
		dialog phrase "generic cargo and passenger on visit"
	on complete
		event "hai film crew" 30
		payment 100000 50
		conversation
			`You help your passengers unload all of their film equipment once you arrive on <planet>. The props seem to get more and more elaborate as they are unpacked from your ship; you note the presence of countless rubber limbs, mechanical monsters, and cans of fake blood being carried onto the set. Once you are finished, Likeet approaches you.`
			choice
				`	"What's your movie about, anyways?"`
				`	"I better get going, then."`
					goto going
			`	"I don't want to spoil anything, but it's a psychological horror film that explores the nature of isolation, and the shadow that our own mortality casts over our lives." She continues to elaborate on more philosophical themes that seemingly have less and less to do with the actual film, until she notices that your eyes have long since glazed over.`
			`	"Well, anyways, thanks for your help, Captain. I'll contact you in a month once we're finished filming," says Likeet.`
				accept
			label going
			`	"Thanks for your help, Captain. I'll contact you in a month once we're finished," says Likeet.`

> 				accept

Reviewer 2: Do you need this endpoint?

event "hai film crew"

mission "Hai Film Crew 2"
	landing

> 	name "Hai Film Crew"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	name "Pick up Hai film crew on <planet>"
```

	description "Go to <destination> to pick up the film crew you transported there."
	source
		near "Ya Hai" 0 100
	destination "Darkrest"
	to offer
		has "event: hai film crew"
	on offer
		dialog
			`Upon landing your ship you receive a voice call. Although the sender didn't bother to identify themselves, you soon recognize it as the voice of Likeet, the movie director that you brought to Darkrest a month ago.`
			`	"Captain <last>! Good to see you again! We've finished filming here and need a ride off this place. I'll see you soon." Before you can say anything, she hangs up.`

mission "Hai Film Crew 3"
	landing

> 	name "Hai Film Crew"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	name "Hai film crew to <planet>"
```

	description "Take Likeet's film crew home to their studio on <destination>, so that they can process the film they shot on <origin>. Payment is <payment>."
	cargo "film equipment" 30
	passengers 80
	source "Darkrest"
	destination
		attributes hai urban
	to offer

> 		has "Hai Film Crew [2]: done"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		has "Hai Film Crew 2: done"
```

					goto accept
				`	"I'm not going that way. You'll need to find some other captain."`
					decline
			`	"Back when the station was still in use, there was a mysterious malfunction in one of the hatches which released oxygen out the airlock. Hundreds on board suffocated to death. To this day, no one knows what caused it, and legends have grown out of the event."`
			choice
				`	"What makes you think I'm parking my ship at a haunted station?"`
				`	"Alright then, I can take you there."`
					goto accept
				`	"I'm not going that way. You'll need to find some other captain."`
					decline
			`	Likeet gives a laugh. "It's not actually haunted, of course. Those are just stories. Do you think I'd send an entire film crew and all their expensive equipment to a place that was actually dangerous?"`
			choice
				`	"Alright then, I can take you there."`
				`	"I'm not going that way. You'll need to find some other captain."`
					decline
			label accept
			`	"Excellent! I'll let the crew know where to find you."`
				accept
	on visit
		dialog phrase "generic cargo and passenger on visit"
	on complete
		event "hai film crew" 30
		payment 100000 50
		conversation

> 			`You help your passengers unload all of their film equipment once you arrive on <planet>. The props seem to get more and more elaborate as they are unpacked from your ship. You note the presence of countless rubber limbs, mechanical monsters, and cans of fake blood being carried onto the set. Once you are finished, Likeet approaches you.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`You help your passengers unload all of their film equipment once you arrive on <planet>. The props seem to get more and more elaborate as they are unpacked from your ship; you note the presence of countless rubber limbs, mechanical monsters, and cans of fake blood being carried onto the set. Once you are finished, Likeet approaches you.`
```

			choice

> 				`	"What's the name of your movie, anyways?"`

Reviewer: Likeet never tells you the name of the movie. Maybe we'll remove it here so that the player still learns the name later on in the culture convo.
```suggestion
```

				`	"What's your movie about, anyways?"`
				`	"I better get going, then."`
					goto going
			`	"I don't want to spoil anything, but it's a psychological horror film that explores the nature of isolation, and the shadow that our own mortality casts over our lives." She continues to elaborate on more philosophical themes that seemingly have less and less to do with the actual film, until she notices that your eyes have long since glazed over.`
			`	"Well, anyways, thanks for your help, Captain. I'll contact you in a month once we're finished filming," says Likeet.`
				accept
			label going
			`	"Thanks for your help, Captain. I'll contact you in a month once we're finished," says Likeet.`
				accept

event "hai film crew"

mission "Hai Film Crew 2"
	landing
	name "Hai Film Crew"
	description "Go to <destination> to pick up the film crew you transported there."
	source
		near "Ya Hai" 0 100
	destination "Darkrest"
	to offer
		has "event: hai film crew"
	on offer
		dialog

> 			`Upon landing your ship, you receive a voice call. Although the sender didn't bother to identify themselves, you soon recognize it as the voice of Likeet, the movie director that you brought to Darkrest a month ago.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`Upon landing your ship you receive a voice call. Although the sender didn't bother to identify themselves, you soon recognize it as the voice of Likeet, the movie director that you brought to Darkrest a month ago.`
```

			`	"Captain <last>! Good to see you again! We've finished filming here and need a ride off this place. I'll see you soon." Before you can say anything, she hangs up.`

mission "Hai Film Crew 3"
	landing
	name "Hai Film Crew"
	description "Take Likeet's film crew home to their studio on <destination>, so that they can process the film they shot on <origin>. Payment is <payment>."
	cargo "film equipment" 30
	passengers 80
	source "Darkrest"
	destination
		attributes hai urban
	to offer
		has "Hai Film Crew [2]: done"
	on offer
		conversation
			`The first thing you notice when you land on Darkrest is the mess. It looks as if a tornado has touched down on the set, and you don't remember Likeet talking about natural disasters when she described the movie.`
			`	"Controlled chaos, I call it," says Likeet, who has somehow materialized beside you. "We're just clearing everything out right now, making sure we didn't forget anything, the usual."`
			`	It takes a few hours to load everything onto your ship. Once you're finished, the only sign that anyone was here is that the station's surfaces are free of dust.`

> 			`	"Alright, captain. We'll need to get to <destination>, so that we can edit the raw footage in our studio. Gonna be nice to finally be back on a planet instead of this tin can." She pauses, as if she's trying to remember a line. "Oh yeah, I'll pay you <payment> once we've arrived. Let's get out of here."`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	"Alright, Captain. We'll need to get to <planet> so that we can edit the raw footage in our studio. Gonna be nice to finally be back on a planet instead of this tin can." She pauses, as if she's trying to remember a line. "Oh yeah, I'll pay you <payment> once we've arrived. Let's get out of here."`
```

			scene `thumbnail/hai pond strider`
			`Upon landing on <planet>, you receive a message from Osen. "Hello Captain <last>! I hope this message finds you well. I would like to once again thank you for your help on the Pond Strider, and would like to inform you that we have finished implementing the hull repair technology that you have provided us into the Pond Strider design and have now begun producing the ship on a mass scale. You'll also be interested to find that we have developed new weaponry for the Pond Strider's drone, the Flea. I won't spoil the surprise for you though. Check the shipyard on Hai-home the next time you stop by to take a look at it."`
				decline

mission "Hai Film Crew [1]"
	name "Hai Film Crew"

> 	description "Bring a movie crew from <origin> to <destination>, so that they can film a horror movie there. Payment is <payment>"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	description "Bring a movie crew from <origin> to <destination>, so that they can film a horror movie there. Payment is <payment>."
```

Final period.

				`	"Alright then, I can take you there."`
					goto accept
				`	"I'm not going that way. You'll need to find some other captain."`
					decline
			label haunted
			`	"Back when the station was still in use, there was a mysterious malfunction in one of the hatches which released oxygen out the airlock. Hundreds on board suffocated to death. To this day, no one knows what caused it, and legends have grown out of the event."`
			choice
				`	"What makes you think I'm parking my ship at a haunted station?"`
				`	"Alright then, I can take you there."`
					goto accept
				`	"I'm not going that way. You'll need to find some other captain."`
					decline
				`	Likeet gives a laugh. "It's not actually haunted, of course. Those are just stories. Do you think I'd send an entire film crew and all their expensive equipment to a place that was actually dangerous?"`
			choice
				`	"Alright then, I can take you there."`
				`	"I'm not going that way. You'll need to find some other captain."`
					decline
			label accept
				`	"Excellent! I'll let the crew know where to find you."`
					accept
	on visit
		dialog phrase "generic cargo and passenger on visit"
	on complete

> 		event "film crew" 30

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		event "hai film crew" 30
```

		payment 100000 50
		conversation
			`You help your passengers unload all of their film equipment once you arrive on <planet>. The props seem to get more and more elaborate as they are unpacked from your ship. You note the presence of countless rubber limbs, mechanical monsters, and cans of fake blood being carried onto the set. Once you are finished, Likeet approaches you.`
			choice
				`	"What's the name of your movie, anyways?"`
				`	"What's your movie about, anyways?"`
				`	"I better get going, then."`
					goto going
			`	"I don't want to spoil anything, but it's a psychological horror film that explores the nature of human isolation, and the shadow that our own mortality casts over our lives." She continues to elaborate on more philosophical themes that seemingly have less and less to do with the actual film, until she notices that your eyes have long since glazed over.`

> 			`	"Well, anyways, thanks for your help, captain. I'll contact you in a month once we're finished," says Likeet.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	"Well, anyways, thanks for your help, Captain. I'll contact you in a month once we're finished," says Likeet.`
```
You would want to add dialog about recieving the payment.

				accept
			label going

> 			`	"Thanks for your help, captain. I'll contact you in a month once we're finished," says Likeet.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	"Thanks for your help, Captain. I'll contact you in a month once we're finished," says Likeet.`
```

				accept

> event "film crew"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
event "hai film crew"
```
To make this less generic

mission "Hai Film Crew [2]"
	name "Hai Film Crew"
	description "Go to <destination> to pick up the film crew you transported there."

> 	destination "Darkrest"

Author: Yeah that's fair.

	to offer

> 		has "event: film crew"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		has "event: hai film crew"
```

	on offer
		dialog
			`Upon landing your ship, you are startled by a vaguely familiar voice coming from your intercom. You soon recognize it as Likeet, the movie director that you brought to Darkrest a month ago.`
			`	"Captain <last>! Good to see you again! We've finished filming here and need a ride off this place. I'll see you soon." Before you can say anything, she hangs up.`
				accept

> mission "Hai Film Crew [3]"
> 	name "Hai Film Crew"
> 	description "Take Likeet's film crew home to their studio on <destination>, so that they can process their film. Payment is <payment>."
> 	minor
> 	source "Darkrest"
> 	destination
> 		attributes hai urban
> 	passengers 80
> 	cargo "film equipment" 30

Reviewer: ```suggestion
mission "Hai Film Crew [3]"
	minor
	name "Hai Film Crew"
	description "Take Likeet's film crew home to their studio on <destination>, so that they can process their film. Payment is <payment>."
	cargo "film equipment" 30
	passengers 80
	source "Darkrest"
	destination
		attributes hai urban
```

	to offer
		has "Hai Film Crew [2]: done"
	on offer
		conversation

> 			`The first thing you notice when you land on Darkrest is the mess. It looks as if a tornado has touched down on the set, and you suspect that natural disasters were not part of the movie's original script.`

Reviewer 2: This seems like telling the player what they're thinking. It reads well, but I'm not sure it fits the normal ES style.

Author: I altered it slightly, does it fit better?

Reviewer 2: Yes, that works.

> 			`The first thing you notice when you land on Darkrest is the mess. It looks as if a tornado has touched down on the set, and you don't remember natural disasters being part of the movie's original script.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`The first thing you notice when you land on Darkrest is the mess. It looks as if a tornado has touched down on the set, and you don't remember Likeet selling the movie as being about natural disasters.`
```
I imagine the player hasn't read the script. This change could be improved, I feel.

			scene `thumbnail/hai pond strider`
			`Upon landing on <planet>, you receive a message from Osen. "Hello Captain <last>! I hope this message finds you well. I would like to once again thank you for your help on the Pond Strider, and would like to inform you that we have finished implementing the hull repair technology that you have provided us into the Pond Strider design and have now begun producing the ship on a mass scale. You'll also be interested to find that we have developed new weaponry for the Pond Strider's drone, the Flea. I won't spoil the surprise for you though. Check the shipyard on Hai-home the next time you stop by to take a look at it."`
				decline

> mission "Hai Film Crew [1]"

Reviewer 2: Missions that are formatted this way tend to be jobs. Maybe remove the square brackets?

					goto accept
				`	"I'm not going that way. You'll need to find some other captain."`
					decline
				`	Likeet gives a laugh. "It's not actually haunted, of course. Those are just stories. Do you think I'd send an entire film crew and all their expensive equipment to a place that was actually dangerous?"`
			choice
				`	"Alright then, I can take you there."`
				`	"I'm not going that way. You'll need to find some other captain."`
					decline
			label accept
				`	"Excellent! I'll let the crew know where to find you."`
					accept
	on visit
		dialog phrase "generic cargo and passenger on visit"
	on complete
		event "hai film crew" 30
		payment 100000 50
		conversation
			`You help your passengers unload all of their film equipment once you arrive on <planet>. The props seem to get more and more elaborate as they are unpacked from your ship. You note the presence of countless rubber limbs, mechanical monsters, and cans of fake blood being carried onto the set. Once you are finished, Likeet approaches you.`
			choice
				`	"What's the name of your movie, anyways?"`
				`	"What's your movie about, anyways?"`
				`	"I better get going, then."`
					goto going

> 			`	"I don't want to spoil anything, but it's a psychological horror film that explores the nature of human isolation, and the shadow that our own mortality casts over our lives." She continues to elaborate on more philosophical themes that seemingly have less and less to do with the actual film, until she notices that your eyes have long since glazed over.`

Reviewer 2: Do we have to? Likeet goes off an a philosophical audience, and from what I've seen elsewhere, the finished movie isn't supposed to make any sense at all.

> 			`	"I don't want to spoil anything, but it's a psychological horror film that explores the nature of human isolation, and the shadow that our own mortality casts over our lives." She continues to elaborate on more philosophical themes that seemingly have less and less to do with the actual film, until she notices that your eyes have long since glazed over.`

Author: I apparently forgot that this was about a Hai movie. Should be fixed now.

> 			`	"Well, anyways, thanks for your help, Captain. I'll contact you in a month once we're finished," says Likeet.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`	"Well, anyways, thanks for your help, Captain. I'll contact you in a month once we're finished filming," says Likeet.`
```

This change probably isn't necessary (context makes it obvious), but as it currently is it implies that they're going to finish the entire movie, including editing, on Darkrest.

				accept
			label going
			`	"Thanks for your help, Captain. I'll contact you in a month once we're finished," says Likeet.`
				accept

event "hai film crew"

mission "Hai Film Crew [2]"
	landing
	name "Hai Film Crew"
	description "Go to <destination> to pick up the film crew you transported there."
	source
		government "Hai" "Hai (Unfettered)" "Republic" "Syndicate" "Free Worlds" "Pirate" "Neutral" "Independent"
	destination "Darkrest"
	to offer
		has "event: hai film crew"
	on offer
		dialog

> 			`Upon landing your ship, you are startled by a vaguely familiar voice coming from your intercom. You soon recognize it as Likeet, the movie director that you brought to Darkrest a month ago.`

Reviewer 2: Or maybe just don't specify where it comes from at all.

```suggestion
			`Upon landing your ship, you receive a voice call. Although the sender didn't bother to identify themselves, you soon recognize it as the voice of Likeet, the movie director that you brought to Darkrest a month ago.`
```

^ Not sure if I like this or not, but I'll let others decide.

			`	"Captain <last>! Good to see you again! We've finished filming here and need a ride off this place. I'll see you soon." Before you can say anything, she hangs up.`
				accept

mission "Hai Film Crew [3]"
	minor
	name "Hai Film Crew"

> 	description "Take Likeet's film crew home to their studio on <destination>, so that they can process their film. Payment is <payment>."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	description "Take Likeet's film crew home to their studio on <destination>, so that they can process the film they shot on <origin>. Payment is <payment>."
```

Works fine as is, too, although there's a pretty high concentration of "they/their"s in one sentence.

	cargo "film equipment" 30
	passengers 80
	source "Darkrest"
	destination
		attributes hai urban
	to offer
		has "Hai Film Crew [2]: done"
	on offer
		conversation

> 			`The first thing you notice when you land on Darkrest is the mess. It looks as if a tornado has touched down on the set, and you don't remember Likeet selling the movie as being about natural disasters.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`The first thing you notice when you land on Darkrest is the mess. It looks as if a tornado has touched down on the set, and you don't remember Likeet talking about natural disasters when she described the movie.`
```

"Selling the movie" is a bit of a confusing phrase, and if you don't know what to expect or don't have an idiomatic knowledge of English you could get really lost. After all, you haven't been buying tickets or copies of the movie from her... have you?

			scene `thumbnail/hai pond strider`
			`Upon landing on <planet>, you receive a message from Osen. "Hello Captain <last>! I hope this message finds you well. I would like to once again thank you for your help on the Pond Strider, and would like to inform you that we have finished implementing the hull repair technology that you have provided us into the Pond Strider design and have now begun producing the ship on a mass scale. You'll also be interested to find that we have developed new weaponry for the Pond Strider's drone, the Flea. I won't spoil the surprise for you though. Check the shipyard on Hai-home the next time you stop by to take a look at it."`
				decline

mission "Hai Film Crew [1]"
	name "Hai Film Crew"

> 	description "Bring a movie crew from <origin> to <destination>, so that they can film a horror movie there."

Reviewer 2: Maybe you should mention the payment here?

	minor
	source
		attributes hai urban
		not attributes "uninhabited" "station"
	destination "Darkrest"
	passengers 80
	cargo "film equipment" 50
	to offer
		random < 30
		has "First Contact: Hai: offered"
	on offer
		conversation

> 			`A rapid tapping on your shoulder dissappiates any intentions you might have had about touring this spaceport in peace. You turn around to find a Hai, short even by their standards, looking up at you.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`A rapid tapping on your shoulder dissipates any intentions you might have had about touring this spaceport in peace. You turn around to find a Hai, short even by their standards, looking up at you.`
```

			`	"You're a ship captain, yes? Would you like to be part of cinema history?"`
			choice
				`	"I'm not much of a movie buff. I'll pass."`
					decline
				`	"Sure, what do you need me to do?"`
				`	"What do you mean?"`

> 			`	"My name is Likeet, and I'm in charge of coordinating transportation for an independent film crew. We need you to bring <bunks> crew members and <tons> of film equipment to Darkrest, then bring us back after about a month. We can pay you <payment>, but the rewards of being involved in an ambitious project such as this will be priceless."`

Reviewer 2: Maybe some kind of adjective before "rewards" would read better?

			choice
				`	"Why would you want to go to <planet>? Isn't that an abandoned station?"`

> 					goto ask

Reviewer 2: You shouldn't need this goto and label either.

				`	"Sure, I can take you there."`
					goto accept
				`	"I'm not going that way. You'll need to find some other captain."`
					decline
			label ask

> 			`	"Ah, you must not know about <planet>. There are many tales which swirl around the station, chief among them being the existence of ghosts and monsters haunting its corridors. We'd like to take advantage of the popular image of Darkrest in the creation of our horror film by using it as a backdrop. It's sort of the human equivalent of setting your film in a 'haunted' forest. Don't worry, we'll bring enough food to last us for the month."`

Reviewer 2: What if the player has heard the ghost stories? I'm not sure if that's currently possible gameplay-wise, but it doesn't sound unlikely lore-wise.

Author: There currently isn't any mention of the ghost stories anywhere in the game, that was introduced with this PR and #9601. Neither are in the game yet.

			choice
				`	"Why do people think it's haunted?"`

> 					goto haunted

Reviewer 2: Also don't need this goto/label

				`	"Alright then, I can take you there."`
					goto accept
				`	"I'm not going that way. You'll need to find some other captain."`
					decline
			label haunted

> 			`	"Back when the station was still in use, there was a mysterious malfunction in one of the hatches that released oxygen out the airlock, suffocating hundreds on board to death. To this day, no one knows what caused it, and legends have grown out of the event."`

Reviewer 2: You could probably split this first sentence:
```suggestion
			`	"Back when the station was still in use, there was a mysterious malfunction in one of the hatches which released oxygen out the airlock. Hundreds on board suffocated to death. To this day, no one knows what caused it, and legends have grown out of the event."`
```
Also, the word "that" is vague between whether that hatch was supposed to release oxygen out the airlock or not. You can pick it up from context, but "which" might work better.

			choice
				`	"What makes you think I'm parking my ship at a haunted station?"`

> 					goto ghosts

Reviewer 2: Or this one

				`	"Alright then, I can take you there."`
					goto accept
				`	"I'm not going that way. You'll need to find some other captain."`
					decline
			label ghosts
				`	Likeet gives a laugh. "It's not actually haunted, of course. Those are just stories. Do you think I'd send an entire film crew and all their expensive equipment to a place that was actually dangerous?"`
			choice
				`	"Alright then, I can take you there."`

> 					goto accept

Reviewer 2: You shouldn't need this goto either (although you definitely need the label).

	minor
	source "Darkrest"
	destination
		attributes hai urban
	passengers 80
	cargo "film equipment" 30
	to offer
		has "Hai Film Crew [2]: done"
	on offer
		conversation
			`The first thing you notice when you land on Darkrest is the mess. It looks as if a tornado has touched down on the set, and you suspect that natural disasters were not part of the movie's original script.`
			`	"Controlled chaos, I call it," says Likeet, who has somehow materialized beside you. "We're just clearing everything out right now, making sure we didn't forget anything, the usual."`
			`	It takes a few hours to load everything onto your ship. Once you're finished, the only sign that anyone was here is that the station's surfaces are free of dust.`
			`	"Alright, captain. We'll need to get to <destination>, so that we can edit the raw footage in our studio. Gonna be nice to finally be back on a planet instead of this tin can." She pauses, as if she's trying to remember a line. "Oh yeah, I'll pay you <payment> once we've arrived. Let's get out of here."`
				accept
	on visit
		dialog phrase "generic cargo and passenger on visit"
	on complete
		payment 100000 50
		conversation

> 			`When you land on <planet>, you are approached by Likeet, who is carrying a large can of fake blood. "Thanks for the ride, captain. Keep a lookout for my film in theaters. You'll know it when you see it." Once the cargo has been unloaded, she almost sprints away in excitement, no doubt trying to make it to her studio as quickly as possible. You notice that <payment> has been deposited into your account.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`When you land on <planet>, you are approached by Likeet, who is carrying a large can of fake blood. "Thanks for the ride, captain. Keep a lookout for my film in theaters. You'll know it when you see it." Once the cargo has been unloaded, she almost sprints away in excitement, no doubt trying to make it to her studio as quickly as possible. You notice that <payment> have been deposited into your account.`
```

More than 1 credit.

			scene `thumbnail/hai pond strider`
			`Upon landing on <planet>, you receive a message from Osen. "Hello Captain <last>! I hope this message finds you well. I would like to once again thank you for your help on the Pond Strider, and would like to inform you that we have finished implementing the hull repair technology that you have provided us into the Pond Strider design and have now begun producing the ship on a mass scale. You'll also be interested to find that we have developed new weaponry for the Pond Strider's drone, the Flea. I won't spoil the surprise for you though. Check the shipyard on Hai-home the next time you stop by to take a look at it."`
				decline

mission "Hai Film Crew [1]"
	name "Hai Film Crew"

> 	description "Bring a movie crew from <source> to <destination>, so that they can film a horror movie there."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	description "Bring a movie crew from <origin> to <destination>, so that they can film a horror movie there."
```
Or just leave the source planet out of it entirely...

	description "Bring a movie crew from <origin> to <destination>, so that they can film a horror movie there. Payment is <payment>."
	cargo "film equipment" 50
	passengers 80
	source
		attributes hai urban
		not attributes "uninhabited" "station"
	destination "Darkrest"
	to offer
		random < 30
		has "First Contact: Hai: offered"
	on offer
		conversation
			`A rapid tapping on your shoulder dissipates any intentions you might have had about touring this spaceport in peace. You turn around to find a Hai, short even by their standards, looking up at you.`

> 			`	"You're a ship captain, yes? Would you like to be part of cinema history?"`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			`	"You're a ship captain, yes? Would you like to be part of cinema history?" she asks.`
```

			choice
				`	"I'm not much of a movie buff. I'll pass."`
					decline
				`	"Sure, what do you need me to do?"`
				`	"What do you mean?"`

> 			`	"My name is Likeet, and I'm in charge of coordinating transportation for an independent film crew. We need you to bring <bunks> crew members and <tons> of film equipment to Darkrest, then bring us back after about a month. We can pay you <payment>, but the immaterial rewards of being involved in an ambitious project such as this will be priceless."`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			`	"My name is Likeet, and I'm in charge of coordinating transportation for an independent film crew. We need you to bring <bunks> crew members and <tons> of film equipment to <planet>, then bring us back after about a month. We can pay you <payment>, but the immaterial rewards of being involved in an ambitious project such as this will be priceless."`
```

> 			`	"My name is Likeet, and I'm in charge of coordinating transportation for an independent film crew. We need you to bring <bunks> crew members and <tons> of film equipment to Darkrest, then bring us back after about a month. We can pay you <payment>, but the immaterial rewards of being involved in an ambitious project such as this will be priceless."`

Reviewer 3: Likeet introduces herself as just being a transportation coordinator (or rather, in charge of coordinating transportation, which might be an important distinction), but she sounds more like a director later on (talking about the themes of the movie, the state of the station after the filming is over, editing footage). Intentional?

			choice

> 				`	"Why would you want to go to <planet>? Isn't that an abandoned station?"`
> 					to display
> 						has "visited planet: Darkrest"
> 				`	"Why would you want to go to <planet>?"`
> 					to display
> 						not "visited planet: Darkrest"

Reviewer 3: These choices don't make as much sense as they did in the other mission. She just described that she's coordinating transportation for a film crew; it isn't a stretch to think that they're going to film a movie. I think the questions should be more like "Why film there?" rather than "Why go there?"
```suggestion
				`	"Why would you want film in <planet>? Isn't that an abandoned station?"`
					to display
						has "visited planet: Darkrest"
				`	"What's so special about <planet> for filming?"`
					to display
						not "visited planet: Darkrest"
```

				`	"Sure, I can take you there."`
					goto accept
				`	"I'm not going that way. You'll need to find some other captain."`
					decline

> 			`	"Ah, you must not know about <planet>. There are many tales which swirl around the station, chief among them being the existence of ghosts and monsters haunting its corridors. We'd like to take advantage of the popular image of Darkrest in the creation of our horror film by using it as a backdrop. It's sort of the human equivalent of setting your film in a 'haunted' forest. Don't worry, we'll bring enough food to last us for the month."`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			`	"Ah, you must not know about <planet>. There are many tales which swirl around the station, chief among them being the existence of ghosts and monsters haunting its corridors. We'd like to take advantage of the popular image of <planet> in the creation of our horror film by using it as a backdrop. It's sort of the human equivalent of setting your film in a 'haunted' forest. Don't worry, we'll bring enough food to last us for the month."`
```

			choice
				`	"Why do people think it's haunted?"`
				`	"Alright then, I can take you there."`
					goto accept
				`	"I'm not going that way. You'll need to find some other captain."`
					decline
			`	"Back when the station was still in use, there was a mysterious malfunction in one of the hatches which released oxygen out the airlock. Hundreds on board suffocated to death. To this day, no one knows what caused it, and legends have grown out of the event."`
			choice
				`	"What makes you think I'm parking my ship at a haunted station?"`
				`	"Alright then, I can take you there."`
					goto accept
				`	"I'm not going that way. You'll need to find some other captain."`
					decline

> 				`	Likeet gives a laugh. "It's not actually haunted, of course. Those are just stories. Do you think I'd send an entire film crew and all their expensive equipment to a place that was actually dangerous?"`
> 			choice
> 				`	"Alright then, I can take you there."`
> 				`	"I'm not going that way. You'll need to find some other captain."`
> 					decline
> 			label accept
> 				`	"Excellent! I'll let the crew know where to find you."`
> 					accept

Reviewer 3: Oops! All indents.
```suggestion
			`	Likeet gives a laugh. "It's not actually haunted, of course. Those are just stories. Do you think I'd send an entire film crew and all their expensive equipment to a place that was actually dangerous?"`
			choice
				`	"Alright then, I can take you there."`
				`	"I'm not going that way. You'll need to find some other captain."`
					decline
			label accept
			`	"Excellent! I'll let the crew know where to find you."`
				accept
```

				`	"Excellent! I'll let the crew know where to find you."`
					accept
	on visit

> 		dialog `You've reached <planet>, but your cargo or passengers are on another ship! Better take off and wait for them to arrive in this system.`

Reviewer 2: Is there any reason not to use a standardized dialog phrase here instead?
```suggestion
		dialog phrase "generic cargo and passenger on visit"
```

	on complete
		event "film crew" 30
		payment 100000 50
		conversation
			`You help your passengers unload all of their film equipment once you arrive on <planet>. The props seem to get more and more elaborate as they are unpacked from your ship. You note the presence of countless rubber limbs, mechanical monsters, and cans of fake blood being carried onto the set. Once you are finished, Likeet approaches you.`
			choice
				`	"What's the name of your movie, anyways?"`
				`	"What's your movie about, anyways?"`

> 					goto movie

Reviewer 2: Do you actually need this label and goto?

			`	"Well, anyways, thanks for your help, Captain. I'll contact you in a month once we're finished filming," says Likeet.`
				accept
			label going
			`	"Thanks for your help, Captain. I'll contact you in a month once we're finished," says Likeet.`
				accept

event "hai film crew"

mission "Hai Film Crew [2]"
	landing
	name "Hai Film Crew"
	description "Go to <destination> to pick up the film crew you transported there."
	source

> 		government "Hai" "Hai (Unfettered)" "Republic" "Syndicate" "Free Worlds" "Pirate" "Neutral" "Independent"

Reviewer 3: I don't think this should be able to offer in human space.
```suggestion
		near "Ya Hai" 0 100
```

	destination "Darkrest"
	to offer
		has "event: hai film crew"
	on offer
		dialog
			`Upon landing your ship, you receive a voice call. Although the sender didn't bother to identify themselves, you soon recognize it as the voice of Likeet, the movie director that you brought to Darkrest a month ago.`
			`	"Captain <last>! Good to see you again! We've finished filming here and need a ride off this place. I'll see you soon." Before you can say anything, she hangs up.`

> 				accept

Reviewer 3: This is a dialog. Conversation endpoints don't do anything.
```suggestion
```

mission "Hai Film Crew [3]"

> 	minor

Reviewer 3: This one should be landing, not minor.
```suggestion
	landing
```

	name "Hai Film Crew"

> 	description "Bring the movie crew you transported from <source> to their studio on <destination>."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	description "Take Likeet's film crew home to their studio on <destination>. Payment is <payment>."
```
Since `<source>` is undefined as far as I can tell, and `<origin>` would return Darkrest.
You might also want to add more detail here.

	minor
	source "Darkrest"
	destination
		attributes hai urban
	passengers 80
	cargo "film equipment" 30
	to offer
		has "Hai Film Crew [2]: done"
	on offer
		conversation
			`The first thing you notice when you land on Darkrest is the mess. It looks as if a tornado has touched down on the set, and you suspect that natural disasters were not part of the movie's original script.`

> 			`	"Controlled chaos, I call it," says Likeet, who has somehow materialized beside you. "We're just clearing everything out right now, making sure we didn't forget anything, the usual." It takes more than a few hours to load everything onto your ship. Once you're finished, the only sign that anyone was here is that the station's surfaces are free of dust.`

Reviewer 2: Maybe this paragraph should be split, to match the passage of time?

			`	"Alright, captain. We'll need to get to <destination>, so that we can edit the raw footage in our studio. Gonna be nice to finally be back on a planet instead of this tin can." She pauses, as if she's trying to remember a line. "Oh yeah, I'll pay you <payment> once we've arrived. Let's get out of here."`
				accept
	on visit

> 		dialog `You've reached <planet>, but your cargo or passengers are on another ship! Better take off and wait for them to arrive in this system.`

Reviewer 2: Same as before.
```suggestion
		dialog phrase "generic cargo and passenger on visit"
```

	on complete
		payment 100000 50
		conversation

> 			`"Thanks for the ride, captain. Keep a lookout for my film in theaters. You'll know it when you see it." Once the cargo has been unloaded, she almost sprints away in excitement, no doubt trying to make it to her studio as quickly as possible. You notice that <payment> has been deposited into your account.`

Reviewer 2: Who is "she"?
```suggestion
			`When you land on <planet>, you are approached by Likeet, who is carrying a large can of fake blood. "Thanks for the ride, captain. Keep a lookout for my film in theaters. You'll know it when you see it." Once the cargo has been unloaded, she almost sprints away in excitement, no doubt trying to make it to her studio as quickly as possible. You notice that <payment> has been deposited into your account.`
```

> 			`When you land on <planet>, you are approached by Likeet, who is carrying a large can of fake blood. "Thanks for the ride, captain. Keep a lookout for my film in theaters. You'll know it when you see it." Once the cargo has been unloaded, she almost sprints away in excitement, no doubt trying to make it to her studio as quickly as possible. You notice that <payment> have been deposited into your account.`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			`When you land on <planet>, you are approached by Likeet, who is carrying a large can of fake blood. "Thanks for the ride, Captain. Keep a lookout for my film in theaters. You'll know it when you see it." Once the cargo has been unloaded, she almost sprints away in excitement, no doubt trying to make it to her studio as quickly as possible. You notice that <payment> have been deposited into your account.`
```
